Kilnjs custom fetch (#1443)
clay/clay-kiln: docs/kilnjs.md

`KilnInput` also provides its own set of custom methods.

### fetch

* ***fetch(url, options, cache, timeOutIn)*** - a function that wraps a standard fetch call that provides caching and throws a catchable error if the call takes longer than a set amount of time.
  * url - The url of the endpoint to which you're making the fetch call

>   * options - A JSON object that holds the request options of a fetch call. Can be used to se the methods, headers, body, etc.  The same as you would use in a standard fetch().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * options - A JSON object that holds the request options of a fetch call. Can be used to set the methods, headers, body, etc.  The same as you would use in a standard fetch().
```

Author: 👍

>   * options - A JSON object that holds the request options of a fetch call. Can be used to se the methods, headers, body, etc.  The same as you would use in a standard fetch().

Author: "set", not "see", but definitely a typo.

  * cache - A boolean value that defaults to true. When true, it will cache future calls to the exact same url during this session. Set to false and it will make a new fetch call everytime it is invoked.

>   * timeOutIn - The number of milliseconds before the fetch will timeout.  Defaults to 5000. When the call timesout, the fetch is aborted and an error is thrown with the message 'Timeout'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * timeOutIn - The number of milliseconds before the fetch will timeout.  Defaults to 5000. When the call times out, the fetch is aborted and an error is thrown with the message 'Timeout'.
```

Author: 👍

>   * timeOutIn - The number of milliseconds before the fetch will timeout.  Defaults to 5000. When the call timesout, the fetch is aborted and an error is thrown with the message 'Timeout'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * timeOutIn - The number of milliseconds before the fetch will timeout.  Defaults to 5000. When the call times out, the fetch is aborted and an error is thrown with the message 'Timeout'.
```

Author: 👍
